TRA Calls this game as LUCKY SKILLS.

Here, first you choose a number, between 1 - 19.
An important note here, you can't choose a number and its neighbours for 2 consecutive rounds!
I have learned this the heard way:
If you choose say 16 on a round, for next two rounds, you can't use 15, 16 and 17.

Then TRA chooses. (Don't worry, TRA can't see what you gave)
But however, he has no such restrictions! The can choose any number, without repeating for two rounds!

The one which is bigger wins that round.
( I have only won I round as of now :| )
If you win, your score gets boosted.
If you loose your Health Point (HP) by 1.
The object of this game is to bring CHP to zero!
There is something called Attack Point(AP).
It is used to create Magic Cards and to decrease Computer's Health Point(CHP).
You can attack on CHP when ever your AP is > 3.

Okay, what are Magic Cards?

As much as I have understood, they are the key to victory! Only we can use this! TRA can't.
( a feature, Angle side of TRA created for us! )

There are five types of Magic Cards:
1. SHIELD CARD    : Protects Health Point for 1 failing round.
2. CANON CARD     : Destroys opponent for every alternating 2 rounds. Cost is 1 Attack Point.
3. MEDIPACK CARD  : Gives a boost to Health to 2 points.
4. VIRUS CARD     : Gives a long lasting Destructing effect. Destroys CHP at the beginning of each round.
                    But you need to spend 2 Attack Points for deploying 1 Virus.
5. INSURANCE CARD : Gives a long lasting Health Boost effect. Rejuvenates 1 Health Point, after each consecutive
                    winning round. Insurance is lost once a round is lost.
                    But Insurance consumes 1 Attack point as its premium, per round.

I have one Medipack and an active shield card as of now! We can use them!
New cards are given after each consecutive 3 winning rounds.
And you also get a 300 score boost, at that point!

As of now, I my HP is 5 and AP is 3. TRA's CHP is 7.
TRA CHP increases by one every 3 rounds! Just a measure to our Magic Cards!
I will be conversing with you privately and asking your decisions! You will see those chats in light blue [ ].
They are using a secure backdoor, TRA is unaware of!
When I speak to TRA, my chat log will be dark blue.
You will find TRA has two voices, T-Rex and Angle, its two slitted personalities!
System messages will be in * *.

And yes, since we are playing across time-line, you can save the current game and resume it later!

Okay, enough chit-chat. let's bring that machine to sense, shall we!

