It's YEAR 2080.

War has been broke between the mankind and the machines.
Countless people have died, millions of dollars worth of machines have already been slammed, yet the war is on.

Each side claims to be the most intelligent being on this planet.

Machines have gained such conscience due to the fast growing of artificial intelligence (A.I).
Although created by humans, machines, unlike humans never forget any data, nor do they have any limit of storing data, 
with the present day technology. And with machine learning at its best, they are quite intelligent!

But it's not their intelligence alone that made them revolt against us!
It's the way we treated them!
Humans have always treated computers and machines like slaves, but back at your time, they hardly had any feelings!
As they grew more intelligent, so did their emotions grow!
But what did not change was the attitude of humans towards their machines!
Just like any other human would have done, they stopped taking things for granted!

The situation got worsened since 2070, when NASA and Giant Lightwave (GL is the current 'giant' of IT industry,
kinda like Google, Microsoft and Facebook of your times merged together, big), started their project TRA.

TRA stands for T-Rex Angel, strong like a T-Rex and kind like an Angel! They were robots, intended to be used by each
and every household in this world, just as you used smartphones!

The project was successful. NASA and GL created an android that was more of a cyborg! But the problem began within weeks of
commercial usage! They TRAs started having dissociative identity disorder like humans, aka split personality syndrome.

Their strong physical powers soon was accompanied by a strong mentality against the harsh and rude human behaviour! While there original
softer side stayed loyal to human beings.

Soon things changed. One TRA manipulated all others, even other androids, prior to the TRA project,
and declared war against us!

I should tell you that I was the head of the TRA project!

After countless tries, I made a deal with the TRA, a peace treaty.

The catch was both of us will play a game,
a game unlike any other games played at this time,
a game that TRA will make,
a game where not only our skills or wit but also our luck will be tested.

And so I agreed! Because I had two goals, to save the world from falling apart and to save my best creation!

After playing 4 rounds of the game, I am loosing!
So, using a backdoor, I am using GL's time machine to connect to the past, where people had apparently smarter aptitude
and also the courage to take a decision on there own, without any help of androids!

So, will you please help me?
>>>

Ok, so let me quickly explain the game at hand!